---
layout: post
title: First Semester
---
I believe that my first semester in university was truly amazing. I loved every minute of it. While there were immense amounts of stress at some points, I believe that I truly had a successful semester. I became involved with the Association for Computing Machinery (ACM) at UCF and now hold a leadership position on their Event Planning committee and as the Historian for the club. As such, I have had the opportunity to interact with and learn from, not only my peers, but from business professionals from major companies, who have provided fascinating information on where I should be focusing during my acedemic career. 

The other major component that contributed to my enjoyment of this semester was the discovery of "hackathons", competitions where one would work with a team for a given amount of time on an innovative project and then present said project. I attended Y-Hack, a hackathon held at Yale University in New Haven, Connecticut. I spent a grand total of 24 hours working with four other individuals on an app, Grocery Guard, which would allow one to take a picture of their reciept and inform you of when your produce was about to expire. The highly talented individuals that I worked with came from the University of Toronto, the University of Waterloo, and UCF, which allowed me to meet quite the variety of intelligent individuals. I truly adored this experience and am looking forward to experiencing it again next semester, when I attend PennApps at the University of Pennsylvania. I also was given the opportunity to act as the PennApps representative at UCF. I now have the responsibility of advertising PennApps at UCF and organize transportation for those who are accepted. Essentially, I act as a liason between the PennApps planning team and the College of Engineering and Computer Science at UCF. 

Truly, I feel as if this semester was very successful and can't wait until spring semester begins. 